the World Health Organization says polio
vaccinations have begun in Kanan Yunis
in southern Gaza but the Palestinian
Health Ministry says Israeli forces are
refusing to coordinate the entry of
vaccination teams into the area the
ministry is appealing to concerned
parties to intervene more than 189,000
children have been inoculated against
the disease so far hindel Kari has more
from Central
Gaza we're currently in a zaa in one of
the makeshift camps
here during the polio vaccination that
ended in the central areas of the Gaza
Strip here in the International Medical
corpse hospital is one of the field
points that were receiving children for
the Poo uh vaccination campaign at least
according to the health Ministry there
were at least
187,000 Palestinians that got
vaccinated however now today was the
first day of the PO vaccination campaign
in kenun according to UNICEF they are
willing to uh vaccinate at least
400,000 uh children where there are at
least 3,000 employees working on this uh
vaccination campaign however according
to the health Ministry uh they're saying
that uh people who are in the Eastern
parts
of are unable to get the vaccination
because it's a very dangerous area and
um un uh employees and the Ministry of
Health impunes are not getting the
access to give uh the people there the
vaccination and also they're not having
the safe access to reach those points
and the Ministry of Health is
appealing uh the International Community
to give access to these Palestinians to
reach uh the polio vaccination campaign
however so far according to UNICEF they
say that the PO vaccination campaign so
far is successful but here this is the
reality of the Palestinian children that
they're still affected by the collapse
of the humanitarian situation and the
health situation in the Gaza Strip
sewage is everywhere garbage is piled
everywhere Palestinian parents are yes
telling us the polio vaccination
campaign is very important but what's
more important is a ceasefire and is
protecting their children from the air
strikes and the Israeli lethal Force
hind Al jaaz AA
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer